---
layout: post
title: C++Now 2021 Videos
date: 2021-05-27
permalink: /announcements/2021/05/2021-videos/
section: announcements
---


And now a word from our sponsor, JetBrains:

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
<p class="highlight block quoteBox"><span class="quoteBoxSponsorImage" style="background-image: url(/assets/img/sponsors/jetbrains.png);"></span>Generally regarded as the year’s most academic event in the C++ community, C++Now moved to an online format in 2021 without losing any of its most distinctive qualities. It offered insightful discussions about some of today’s hottest topics, like C++ ABI stability, CMake, C++20 modules and concepts, and more. Together with Bloomberg, JetBrains is proud to support the event as a video sponsor and bring you early access to this year's conference recordings!<br /><br />

We will be publishing the talks over the course of several weeks on [this page](http://jb.gg/cppnow). All the talks will later be available on the [C++Now YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/Boostcon). Can’t wait to watch the first recordings from the event? The first talks are already available on the page, and more recordings are coming in the next month!</p>
{::options parse_block_html="false" /}

<!--break-->

### The C++Now YouTube Channel

Fans of C++Now videos know that all BoostCon and C++Now session recordings have always been available free on [our YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/Boostcon). This continues to be our policy. We are showing our appreciation to JetBrains for their valuable support for C++Now and the C++ community by allowing them a brief window of exclusivity in access to this year's videos.

For those that are interested in such details, the videos that are embedded on the JetBrains page are the same ones that will eventually be made public, so the URLs will not change and views on the JetBrains page will be included in the video view counts shown in our channel when the videos are made public there.

You may also notice that ads will begin to appear with the videos on our channel. Our policy has always been that C++Now and BoostCon videos should appear ad-free. We'd like to continue this policy, but YouTube's policies have changed and they no longer allow us to offer the videos ad-free. This is a YouTube decision, not one of the Boost Foundation, C++Now, or any of our sponsors.

Until we see you again next May, enjoy the videos!

